here she
[Music]
is
SC
Med mystery got is Magic leather dress
Amazon mystery got magic leather dress
mystery got magic leather dress have
a mystery got magic leather dress Amazon
roll with a mystery goddess on fire
purple the hottest muffin raisin D
Elemental o lce stay up on crosses M do
take no losses dark L Mak rain leather
whip be striking bers [ __ ] be hiking
Drugs sell themselves triple Bean pedal
biking shelf your favorite makeup Medusa
let your hair out snow blind never in a
drought is that ax on your face or
powdered wig around your mouth my Amazon
chickadilla catch down south a little
road made to take you away costic
poisonous touch put you in the bleach
big biscuits on a mapia Darkness through
dreams AER come to see you the methyl
broide blows in the Wind
mystery got is Magic Le
dress mystery got
magic welcome back to Lady
Babylon this is initiating apocalypse
and boy do I have some wonderment
tonight to D aent to
hypnotize to brainwash and program
first to clean out and then to refill
fantastic oh God I love it I love it I
it's I just want to say it's great to be
back I was I know it hasn't been that
long but the you know the more we're
apart the more I just want to be here
you know what I mean that's the way it
is I think I'm starting to Fall for You
congregation wait a minute did we oh God
I think we already got engaged didn't we
they know that they know that all right
let's keep going people what am I going
to bring you tonight is very
much the mystery
goddess what I need you to do is just to
enjoy just to sit back and enjoy now
that will be done against the background
of our new orders yes yes hail Satan new
orders the transdimensional authority is
once again again
ordered a renewed look and summary of
Jesus in The Garden of Gethsemane I know
I know you want to see it we are just
going to hit it but this time what we're
going to do is we're going to use a
series of sensors and these sensors can
pick up the presence of
invisible
individuals we are going to see
the invisible tonight and we're going to
do it through one sacred
name okay are you following me I know
it's ancient Greek nerdy stuff it's hard
right just hang in there through one
name through the power that is in the
logos do you understand what is that
logos it is your Reckoning
your Reckoning your
calculation that's what it is isn't that
gorgeous that's absolutely gorgeous
we're going to use that to reveal to you
what is
unseen we use
Millen we do we do but before we get
there I just have a quick announcement
oh God just have one quick
announcement what we've got a guest
ghost tonight and by the way people I've
got a I've got a whole bunch of great
sources for you I'm just going to tell
you the story I'm just G to do it
fluidly so you can go there and see
what's going on but before we do let's
get up here come here
Vernon yeah this is Uncle Vernon he's
dead just like young and the rest them
because you can't summon people who
aren't dead don't be silly this is my
uncle Vernon he fought in a tank at the
Battle of the
Bulge in World War II and he has one
message for you I know I said I'm gonna
tell him he you tell me if I do it he
tells me to tell
you you are not the greatest generation
the greatest
Generation
hates lovers of
Hitler shame on you all and I was like I
know I was like oh my God it's so
forceful why would we do
that he watched more of
his associates in war die from the
winter phrasing wrting in
place oh God the other ones got blown up
and his message
was what are you doing your ancestors
are looking at you what are you doing
this is we are in an era of post loving
Hitler
wow your minds are fried America totally
fried let's get you all healed let's get
you all healed shall we we're going to
do it with the craziness the
craziness of the Tyrant tonight we're
going to the place where you and I
satanic congregation can make a
bridge a
bridge through time and space are you
ready are you ready we're going to reach
out that bridge is called
meleno God God sacred names and the
power of them who is she go ahead let's
start let's start bring her up people
don't be right just enjoy this one
tonight is just for you to enjoy I want
you to I want to introduce you go ahead
I want to introduce you to moleni now
you know what's funny there are better
texts of this but I took out an old one
you know it's like from the 1800s and I
thought you know let's monkey with this
right instead of being lazy let's just
go back to something really sweet I call
upon moleni right by the way there are
directions up top for what kind of
things to burn for the sake of
fumigating yourself oh I'm sorry these
are
hymns right these are
hymns did I explain to you what a hymn
is I'm sorry no it's okay it's my fault
A Hymn is a song that is sung during a
mystery operation while being fumigated
with mind altering
drugs you sing
them it's nice and the process of
singing them transports you isn't that
fun look we're gonna see Jesus in a
minute doing it with his 12
kids right okay here we go meleno I call
upon meleno here's I'm just going to
translate she is the nymph of that
lional Earth wait again hang on nerds if
you get it right away okay great if you
don't some of these things you got to
let sink in for a little bit I told you
we would be
reprogramming Right cleaning out
reprogramming I want you to get to the
level of that author the person who
pinned they didn't pin it but the person
who composed this
song okay I want you to get into that
place come to us
beleni yes
underworld
nymph she who
wears the same gown that the muses wear
you know what I mean it's do you have it
the same gown that the muses wear the
color the color of the crocus give it to
me crocop peplos they called this it's
in style in fashion with what
group The priestesses of the
Muse okay priestesses of the Muse did
you know that they had those I want to
tell you not only did they have them
back then right these
guitar these ke playing people oh these
gorgeous gorgeous Muses right not only
they have them men but they had a style
to them I wanted you to see this is not
fair fairy tale there is no Doctrine
here you don't need to believe any
anything you don't need to send any
right yeah I just want you to see it
this is how they look right gorgeous we
know them by their colors isn't that
right who are the ladies all in black
just wait just wait give me the next one
or uh go back to our him please chewy
here we go are you ready um who meleni
please come you who were born on the
shores of the cokus that's an underworld
river
right who p uh excuse me oh I'm sorry I
almost did it myself you're not supposed
to pronounce this right this is one of
the mystery words you see this third
word this third line first word don't
say that if you know how to good say it
in your head right but don't say it what
do we substitute for that when we are in
in the performance the
K right the
K okay why because it's Unholy man to
utter such a purity is Unholy you see
there's certain things you don't talk
about just because they're pure I know
you generation of Hitler loving fascists
I
know what you
want yeah you want to defile
but there is a sweetness to Purity that
the poets all of us keep right and guard
why because we serve the Muse right oh
God but don't turn around because she's
about she's about to do something to
you fantastic give me the next one give
me yep there we go one more time uh what
else uh what else is going on here um
yep there we go um what happened her
mother is the Kora the queen of the
underworld right and Zeus disguised
himself right he came in and he
fooled
Pluto and they ended up having
intercourse right Zeus that's not her
that's that's not the sacred bed he's
not supposed to be there what's he doing
he does it again he does it again this
is the queen of the underworld right and
he does it again why does he do it again
well first of all he has to disguise
himself what does Zeus do to get into
that bedroom one more night to make a
sister to this brother what does he do
he disguises himself as a
dragon yeah isn't that gorgeous what do
you have in that
anthropologically you have a Romeo and
Juliet love story
right between a temple guardian and the
Priestess you you know what I mean oh
God it's off limits but you know when
the [ __ ] hits the fan in
Antiquity it's those dragons that showed
up to take media away after she burned
the palace down right do you understand
there's loyalty it's a
biochemical Quantum loyalty stretches is
across time and the dragons guard its
Integrity give me the next give me that
one more we're going to do this one more
one more time what else happens to her
what else happens to
meleni um there is a line here it's line
number five right um something happens
and there is a die colored
transformation that takes
place are you telling me we're coming to
I think we're say yeah just wait just
wait right and what happens upon this
die chromatic
transformation of that
Kora right what happens you and
I she drives
crazy
we are Driven Crazy by her right how are
we Driven Crazy right well first of all
you got to realize um she does it in
different different forms and shapes and
ways she does it through your
fantasy she does it through those
invisible images that you covet that you
have that you see you
want that are invisible to everybody
else
hail Satan on that one
right okay all right this is fantastic
um what else you know what else do she
do let's keep with him right did you
forget we're Jesus's boys and he just
drugged us and now we're singing our
hymns and let's finish let's finish it's
this form that I'm showing you that is
the original mystery that is corrupted
by the various sexs of
Christianity yes yes isn't that
interesting it's interesting to see
what's behind the show what's behind the
curtain I love it who hates Toto by the
way right does any I'm sorry I'm sorry I
don't want to ruin anybody's I was
rooting for the witch the whole time
because I was like she knows baby she
knows poppies right give him some
poppies drug them give me the next one
you thought those people wrote that
story because it was so yeah anyway so
she appears in different forms and I
want you to see look they say this line
five this is
obscurus right it's a Latin note right
anyway um so they're talking about the
color of melen right and somebody says
well it has to be that color because she
is the
impusa right the she is is that demon
that
Gorgon that Gorgon what do those Gorgons
do right right what do those Gorgons do
you may catch one at night right and
what are they gonna do oh they're gonna
take your baby and suck its Soul
right did you not understand the value
of that fetal blood did you not
understand the thing can't be dying
right it's got to be healthy get your
standards up who is this we're talking
about this nightmare bringing
Queen who is she by the way if you don't
think that's sexy um something's wrong
with your head yeah this is the
nightmare bringing Queen this is Lady
Babylon stare at lady Babylon people
right what did that just say it said
she's
aonian nymph she's a clonan
nymph do you understand what a nymph is
do you
understand yeah I'll tell you what a
nymph is a nymph is a girl who falls in
love with a boy but when the
boy doesn't give her love back she
pushes him into a pool and holds him
under yeah do you understand what a
nymph is oh God if that isn't the
sexiest thing somebody somebody bring
that nymph into the world right I want
to see her and wanted to scare me so
much so that I just squeeze out a little
tiny bit of you know I don't know some
kind of droplets of something just out
of some opening somewhere that suddenly
tightens
yes
yes mway the nymph what else is she look
at a couple of these things are gorgeous
people I'm giving you g gems here's
here's the croca pon right she's got
that dress of the Muse keep going dress
of the Muse and what does she do what
does she do she makes Mortals
nuts with Airy
images Airy images Airy Phantoms
Airy Spirits you see the thing is you
can't see
them you can't see
them they're invisible to
you yes they're invisible to you because
you are
dead yeah you're dead this the you
that's the whole flip side some people
wig out about that when you tell them
that they're like oh right right what
you need is ionic rescue from a
savior and those
saviors are
christed do you understand fantastic if
you're sitting on the throne tonight
those of you who are sitting on the
[Music]
throne who are doing the
syian
fumigation for those of you who have
tuned yourself to that Throne of Satan
please understand the figure that we're
talking about
tonight please look at lady
Babylon look at she of many names give
it to me give me the next one it's got
it real good
yeah people what are these fantasies
right their
appearances right appearances
things of your
imagination look at the very bottom that
last paragraph I know that's nobody can
read that right it's crazy but it says
imagination that is the
representation of appearances or
images the representation of appearances
or images do you know what it means to
be a
necromancer do you know what it means to
be a necromancer it it means to have the
power to control those
images to necromance the dead yeah in
many different shapes
appearing what is I need to move yeah in
appearing right okay okay doesn't matter
what your top boss is these are the
things around you what is unique about
binay is she appli eyes to the
individual you can look at your
individual
existence through her
eyes seeing what is
unseen and it is
horror it is
Horror oh
sexy sexy
horror do you understand now you know do
you understand why you were attracted to
certain things do you understand as a
society why you gravitate well guess
what guess what she is not into you at
all you know
why she's got a thing for my uncle she's
got a thing for the greatest
Generation yeah and she's got a thing
for
punishment yeah when you tell the world
you love
Hitler
yeah there's a little Sonic hole that
opens up in front of your face and it
sucks in your words and they give you a
reservation they give you a reservation
for Ionic torture do you know why some
demons got to cllean you out some
Demon's got to clean you out Hitler love
and freaks do you know what the devil
does before breakfast
he goes to a room he showed me he has a
room special room it's not very big and
there's just one chair in it and sitting
in the chair is Adolf Hitler and he's
handcuffed with his hands behind his
back and the devil goes
in and do you know what he does to adol
Hitler he cleans out his
throat with an unconventional
probe yeah do you know why
because that's what it takes man that's
what it takes to
rectify that's what it takes and that's
why in prisons you get people who come
in who are of a persuasion to hurt
children and those people end up getting
hurt do you understand it doesn't the
world's Justice does not pend depend
upon you or your Society or your flag or
your
nationality
fantastic do you hear the weakness of
nationalism do you know what happens to
nationalism it flares up it destroys and
then it
disappears like a virus like a
plague like a plague oh fantastic who is
that that was that was Tom give it to me
Thomas oh I'm sorry Thomas Jefferson
hates you
f look people I was born from that
generation that we lived off the vapors
of our family members who went and
fought that
fool yeah who ended up killing so many
people yeah yeah so um thanks a lot
thanks a lot those of you old generals
out there who still bear that honor yeah
thanks a lot thank you thank you um it
you know but you know here we are post
post Hitler loving world give it to me
give me the next
one yeah you know sometimes she appears
some way but look there is also I want
you to focus on this last word
scoa what is scota do you know what that
is that is a darkness that is a Darkness
do you know what this queen knows she
knows how to bring the
darkness oh interesting it's almost like
an application somebody T somebody put
down this somebody out there can do this
give it to me give me the next one um
yeah oh God do you know what she does
she stands before you you know what I
mean in these
nightly uh dark filled forms now again
remember you can't see you can't see
around you right but this is what she
does this is what she does and it is the
Poetry of the universe that enables this
to happen it's absolutely gorgeous keep
this is Greek mystery right Greek
mystery remember we started out the
night with Jesus we took those drugs
that he gave us right the
bread and now we're going out to the
Garden just wait we'll get there we'll
get there I wanted to do the Pagan thing
right bring you really bring you that
Pagan thing pagans don't exist but
whatever give me the next one it's just
people yeah um what are you what are you
Millen right you are the
kakas you are that
Queen of the under
realm you're the queen of the under
realm she's the queen of the place that
you and I as Mortals are going are going
yeah isn't that now just think about
that for a minute
think about that for a second for the
people who conceptualize this right what
stands out above everything else oh it's
the
queen let's go to the queen these are
the Greeks who sent dsus in to do his
damage and what does he do who's the
first person he appeals to when he
washes up on shore a 14-year-old girl
who's about to get
married yeah and what does he do he has
her take him to her her
Palace and who's the who who do you
always go to when you when you are in
this Bronze Age World who's the first
person you go to when you're a stranger
who's come to a new place like this what
what do you do you go to the queen you
don't go to the king you go to the
queen right everybody knows that don't
be an idiot that's why odys is so smart
right right cuz it's all these queens
that he keeps going to at the direction
of this young
girl the mystery is a form of physics
that's going on around
you it brings
Awakening by
removing a film in front of you to
see what the invisible is what is that
and seeing will lead you to effect a
response right from that invisibility do
you understand right now I know you
haven't been
initiated right well we kind of have
haven't we yeah so let's go ahead and
see what we can see through this
invisible right turn on the invisible
meter right and let's see turn it up
turn it up on 10 chewy we need to get
this uh rolling okay people yeah but oh
goddess this is the end of our hymn
we're coming to the m the end of our
[Music]
hymn oh
God as in a girl right oh God but it's a
girl think about it that way you know
what I mean try that sometime you know
what I'm talking about little role
playing yeah and if he doesn't want to
say God get something get something you
know what I mean
industrial right but goddess I
pray I pray
please please you Queen of the
underworld send out your
[Music]
estris send it to the ends of the
world that estris of the Soul
you
goddess who are so perfect and
holy show your beautiful face to your
initiates
okay do you
see what the initiate within the mystery
is
doing they are making the invisible
visible
through christing
fantastic fantastic and that's why Yahoo
in the revelation of John says you
better Christ your eyes so that you'll
be able to
see yeah oh God we're going to look at
some christing in a Christian a little
bit more christing in a Christian text
okay but so that's where we are with
melway do you understand and who is
melway well the Greeks themselves said
this is Media
that they're talking
about right okay so I want you to
remember that I want you to remember
that when you think of these rights when
you think of the Mysteries and the woman
who initiated the first she who was the
Prime savior the prime
Christ yeah
she created for
you this nightmare
how's that how's that how do you feel
how do you feel now for those of you who
are a little bit frightened by that
right so be it for those of you who were
totally turned on by
that okay I figure with enough of us one
of us has a chance right one of us has a
chance
okay we just have to we have to get
together in a room we have to figure out
how to do this right we have to figure
out I know the portal we have to open up
a portal and bring her through this
portal right first one to do it I'm sure
she's going to like more than the other
ones right which if it's me too bad
right fantastic yeah you too chewy
sure no I'm just
kid go give me the next one
give me the next one oh here's your oyst
she said what we ask her to do is we're
sitting there as Jesus's apostles
getting High singing hymns what are
these hymns doing right as the drugs
you're taking their effect they're
leading us to her
oyas what is that it's the catfly do you
remember the word Christ the word Christ
means to be stung by the
gadfly right the victorians no I'm
serious look it up Victorian said
that um wait a minute wait a minute when
Jesus was in the garden of gethy that
I'm about to show
you he uses a
word that is the result a comparison
it's right there with the O here where
is the oh here go I'm sorry people I
should just sto go down to Roman numeral
number two number two under that okay
watch this people so what is the oysters
it's that gadfly Right Said it's that
sting it's that vehement desire yeah
right that insane passion you love that
oh you love it right now listen to this
Greek
[Music]
oronas you see that last word
adonus right um and by the way that I'll
translate that just as a
propensity right for that Estus and that
aonia that mentally altered
state yeah yeah that
frenzy do you remember what the Bible
says Jesus was doing
mentally
Deon why because he was
christed he was christed
oh god let's it's gorgeous people just
to see him hanging there on the cross oh
Jesus we love it let's just get let's
just do some of this I just have an idea
by the way I only do this because people
ask me not to R When anybody ask me not
to do something it compels me I don't
know why I don't know why it compels me
but it compels me all these wires are
all messed up it compels me to want to
do this come come to me Come to Me Jesus
put him up there now put him up there
get him up there there he is there he is
Jesus Christ look what you did man you
got yourself caught just like you said
you would you tried to get
away and it didn't work and you got
caught with a naked
kid and look at you you drug using pimp
look at you Jesus Christ
Jesus you the christed one you're a
little pimp of
boys now what's
funny is that is he's dying it's the
drugs that get him before the
crucifixion
does right but remember they're supposed
to revive him
afterwards right that's how the ceremony
is they put you into a death state with
the drugs they put your mind in some
frequency by getting you to orgasm while
you're in the state of
death and then they bring you back they
bring you back they bring you back with
more drugs and people say well how do
they get those drugs inside you if
you're
dead there's ways not did you know
there's drug there's ways not only of
drugs inside of your body while you're
in a coma just as cause being P Diddy
right but there's also ways of
extracting from
you
communion do you understand me did it
just I'm sorry did it just get creepy it
just got a little
creepy I'm telling you these Christians
I'm sorry satanic congregation these
Christians right this what we have to do
you wanted to work you wanted to work
for the government down here right the
konian government that's the way it is
heleta indeed I love it love it give me
the next one let's let's give him
something fun let's give him something
fun oh look people I'm gonna oil
somebody
[Music]
up right she's
like right you knew it was gonna happen
somebody's going to get rubbed with oil
and this person after you rub them down
with oil o what do we do do you remember
last time first you oil then you Christ
and look that's what it says here in
this text that's what it says here in
this text you Christ
them yeah you can Christ these people
all day long and you know what happens
when you do this is the bottom line oh
those Nai do you know what naayi are
they're
new right they're new do you know what I
mean do you know what I mean
when you're looking across that table
and you just came out of your house and
your mother Mary was like have a good
day
Jesus and you went down to the
marketplace and this Marketplace sucks
but there's a table there and you see
the
Neta staring at you and you're like why
are you staring at me I'm Jesus right
but no let's let's stop there but but
that's what you see you oh God it's back
it's back chewy those are these are Big
Guns these big guns JY right this is the
creepy Jesus thing right you know what
I'm talking about Jesus everybody looks
at they're like a they're
mesmerized right like he's a vampire
right how do you right how did he get
those kids off that boat somebody out
there I need a theologian to tell me how
did Jesus Christ
get those kids away from their
parents right what do these people just
not care anything they're just like sure
he looks like a he looks like a teacher
how much and Jesus is like that's free
oh yeah that sounds like a deal that's
take my kids what's wrong with those
parents we need to indict the parents of
James and John right that father of
theirs dude he had he must have had a
drinking problem or something you know
what I mean because he was not paying
attention he was not paying attention oh
meleno nightmare nightmare give it to me
I love it you know what she loves to do
she loves to expose people here it is
people a Christ thing a Christ thing for
you and here it is with
drugs that sounded like a commercial
from the 1970s give it give it to me um
look uh here's just a note I just wanted
to show you this is kind of cool
you know they're trying to figure out
what the hell this person is talking
about right and in the bottom on the
bottom line um we're going to mix the
stuff in the oil and we're going to put
it on our bald
head what are we gonna do we're going to
Christ we're going to Christ that bald
head of ours do you know what we're
doing with bald heads we're
mourning because Jesus is going to enter
into death death and then we'll be
brought through Resurrection back to
life so now we mourn
kids right shave your heads did you ever
wonder people are like aulus the Roman
this is talking about somebody getting
initiated going through several
initiations and every time he gets
initiated he shaves his head he shaves
his head what's the deal with him
shaving his head
fantastic fantastic um that's what
they're administering here give me that
one gorgeous what what's this all
leading to it's leading to Divine
afrodite afrodite if you're not going
into this for the sex you are not
Christian now I know that would attract
a whole different group of people now
but if you think about it for a minute
what is the difference what is the
difference put me up in the put me up in
the corner I I would like to be in the
corner right hell Satan if you're going
to
afredi for
salvation you're a lot more likely to
come back
saved yeah right what is the power of
Jesus right has the thought of Jesus's
genitalia ever aroused you
you what did Jesus's genit tell you look
like because when he was in that upper
room with those kids those Apostles what
was he doing he was nakedly washing
their
feet he right this is censored right do
you know how hard by the way with it is
with the AI to get the AI to do what the
Bible says it's almost impossible I need
a Bible friendly AI
so that when I say I need Jesus from
Mark 14:51 52 with a naked
kid it's practically impossible they
send this little warning warning right
what's wrong what's wrong they got a
thing against the Bible is what it is I
you know it's what we need man I'm gonna
start walking around with Bibles
throwing them I'm just G to be that guy
you know what I mean throw here look at
it naked kid I underlined the passage
W right that's what we should chewy we
have a new Mission this is fantastic
Intergalactic go give me the next one oh
I found this I don't know what this is I
just found it I think it's from a sacred
orphic writing called litha I think
that's where this was right but there's
so much more for us to do now
listen the Great image of the
Dragon it makes your
heart
afraid but learn this please there's no
reason to fear the
Venom of the Great
Dragon where did that come from that
came from these
orphics right these orphics who are
using the Venoms just like Jesus is
using the
Venoms okay now we're going to do a
review I think that was it now we're
going to the Bible is that right or we
have a couple more there's a couple more
here no no no go go ahead um look let me
give you a couple of images really quick
as we sit here right um by means of the
poison of gold and Aphrodite oh you
thought Aphrodite was kind of different
right now guess what she's a
killer she's the killer do you know who
she kills Aphrodite kills
everyone
everyone do you understand oh God here
what are we gonna do okay I just want
you to see the first line this is
another line I pulled out of this culty
culty stuff that nobody ever translates
I don't know if there's is there a
translate I think there was an older
translation who cares um but look people
um from my perspective people have been
asking me for years and telling me you
know asking me were they using drugs
right was just so ridiculous um but then
also um well how were they being
administered to drugs and I've been
talking about fumigations and whatnot
and if you want to if you want to sit
there for a minute and think to yourself
that this is just putting out incense
smelling a little incense right when
things go rancid no no no no this is
active
medication right you are medicating
yourself and this is a religious process
because if you want to see the
invisible you're going to have to go
through that
Divinity right that that which is not
moral is how they they refer to it that
which doesn't die love never
dies right not that but some other
planet way across the universe could
have two beings on it who are I don't
know maybe gork and smara you know they
like each other's flbs and next thing
you know they're they're turn they're
engaging and turning into one right why
for Love's sake baby you didn't see her
floras anyway you know what I mean it's
fantastic and she had a way about her
she had a way about her you know what I
mean
Aphrodite kills me my whole life how
fantastic that's a little bit that's a I
like that the tone of that is perfectly
Millen it's a little bit nightmarish
it's a little bit nightmarish like I
want to find out what happens see
Stephen King give it to me give it to me
give me the next one um look people all
this is proving uh um
a see the word po maon right the the
mini drugged it's how they referred to
women who really understood the drug
craft right they called them po
pharmacon right and having all of that
knowledge of drugs right but how is this
what is this word here it's describing
smoke
smoke and what are you doing in the
right you're going around the
smoke going around the smoke look at
that witch doing her thing man right
she's getting high she's getting high
isn't it gorgeous it's all within the
umbrella of the
mystery and Christianity and Judaism are
just offshoots of that mystery
everything is satanic it's
saturnian right oh God we're talking
calal lithic palasan loving people
do you understand do you
understand all right we're going to
afrodite right where's Jesus I think
he's coming in soon give me the next one
people I'm not going to pretend like
we're Rush tonight I don't need to
people want me to slow down I saw that
last time I saw that last time although
I do like to watch myself on double
because it's a you know what I mean when
I'm doing quality control because I
don't you know I want to make sure you
know the video quality is
Perfecto all right look what does this
say the poison of that Serpent of the
ASP
here is the
servant of Black
Death Black Death now you see those
words black death and that maybe doesn't
ring a bell to you does that ring a bell
anybody anybody Black Death who are we
telling talking about here we're talking
about
care
care and who is care she is the one who
takes your soul from your
body she is the one who takes your soul
from your body right do you understand
if you've ever been around Aeros and
under the influence of Aeros
and those powerful powerful
[Music]
tools you understand you understand what
I'm
saying love it they took the they took
the love out of the mystery you know
what I mean they just here instead of
this Aphrodite but give us do you have
an
Aphrodite
yeah here give us okay there we go
instead of this what we want you to
do is to sit down with this smelly old
priest dude who has
never has never engaged in normal sexual
relations well that sounds like a
recipe for
something oh
God do you see what happens you take if
you take the nature out of the history
you get an aberration you get a total
Aber you know you want to know what's
aberant you know you want to know what
aberant switching genders is not aberant
there there are animals that do that
right there are animals right under
certain stresses in nature salaman is
what those females will go mate with
each other and produce children right
how do they do that well it's not really
mating it just kind of looks like
they're mating though they go over and
they hump
right don't you understand you monists
out there who hate women don't you
understand that's our
Queen that's our Queen man that's how we
got here you got humped into existence
everybody here who's hearing this gu you
know what I mean there was something
what with the banana oh yeah no that's
okay we don't need any props we don't
need props thanks Chey thanks here
um that's how you came into
existence
right everything goes back to Aphrodite
because if you hadn't been put into a
situation where two bags of meat looked
at each other and said oh I want some do
you understand the
savageness right your tyranny is the
nightmare is the nightmare whatever
happened Romeo and Juliet man remember
they're both dead does nobody get
that hail Queen of the under indeed
indeed indeed sexy stuff don't you
wouldn't you love man who wants to go to
heaven to be with God look the dude is a
the dude is a total misogynist right
he's totally into like slaves and
bashing kids heads in when you go in and
take over a place drowning everybody
giving them warts warts and oh God he
loves that stuff and he sits there and
he's like Smite them who wants to go be
with that guy right who wants to go be
with that guy seriously just think about
your
options him or her how about the queen
of Hell how about the queen of hell oh
God God do you know what's more
beautiful than the queen of hell not
Yahoo
right not in Yahoo no I said not Yahoo
give me the next one that was I slid
that in what is she remember I said care
what is that care are you ready for this
by the way this this concept this Greek
concept of the Care um is ultimately
what uh people up North Stole and turned
into the
Valkyries right they're the
Valk right and I don't know what they
attached on there whatever you people
attached on there right it better be
glorious it better be glorious these
Valkyrie better be sexy I don't know can
somebody tell me are the valkyrie sexy
in the chat they better be sexy right if
they took the element of Aphrodite out
of it I'm going to be upset I'm going to
be upset why because there's one natural
model model there's one natural model
and that is
Aphrodite Aphrodite brought to you by
Bonas do you understand ecstasy brings
you to the great Queen isn't that nice
we can go there and we could be born
again isn't that great and what are you
thinking what do you thinking for the
rest rest of your life you're thinking
totally different because you're
factoring in the in visible around you
that you now
recognize right and it's so explicit in
the Christian mystery that they can hear
the voice and if there there's one way
to hear the voice everybody saw it and
there's one way to see the
manifestation right the hallucination
right so there's an auditory
hallucination and a
visual okay component if you haven't
been having hallucinations in church
your church is bunk them didn't you ever
get that feeling people seriously when
you walk into a church the first thing
you notice is the smell it smells right
because people are sitting in those pews
the pews are absorbing people's farts
and it's just disgusting it's like a who
intended for this to be this way right
open air man you open this place up
smells like urine in here right hose
these people down did nobody hose these
people you know you can't go to a pagan
bck it Festival unless you have been
hosed down and oiled baby yeah yeah this
hygiene people come on come on man you
don't want to look out given that
concert look out and all those people
are dirty don't be dirty people have
that higher standard right this is hell
this is hell you think we you think we
lower ourselves no of course not we're
already there give it to me boom this is
going to be gorgeous um I'm going to in
introduce you that can't be up that
can't be up next because we need the
first verse so give me that one there
you go uhuh there we go I want to start
with a little track through Mark I just
want to start with a little track and
I'm gonna blast us through this but I
want you to see okay now people who are
out there who have come to Lady Babylon
and who uh has said hey you know I need
some kind of review right I'm going to
walk walk everybody through Mark 14 not
every verse because there's parts of it
that are boring right but I'm gonna give
it to you from taking the bits that show
us who Jesus
was what he was
doing when he was arrested in a public
park with a naked kid we're going to
walk ourselves up where at that night
we're at that night are you ready are
you ready okay let's let's see some
things that happen that's okay hey who's
that Fred leave that guy alone don't you
see that stuff on now you know what's
scary about that is the kid you can tell
he hasn't been prepped they haven't
finished his prepping it looks like he's
got some you know those initiates
garments on right right you know what it
is it's just basically little linen you
know white linen gown right it's just
like big underwear right
come
here oh God it's so gross okay give it
to me people when you're exposing the
darkness people you think the Das sit
around when they're exposing this kind
of stuff and they're like you know oh
this is glorious disgusting I know man
they treat it with reverence right so
let's treat Jesus and the naked kid that
he was with because that's a real human
being man somewhere in Time naked kid's
going to step forward right and he's
going to say he's going to tell us this
is what Jesus did to me in a public park
at 400 a.m. when a squad arrested him
yeah it wasn't just a squad it wasn't
just a couple of sheriffs either let's
it was you know not there's anything
wrong with a couple of sheriffs but you
know they could have taken down
Jesus who somebody needs to do that like
quick I need an image couple of sheriffs
taking down Jesus give me the next one
okay Mark 141 right so it's the
holiday right and these people are
plotting to arrest and kill Jesus are we
set that's what that says okay next it's
a holiday
right so Jesus is in Bethania
in the house of Simon okay staying with
this dude Simon and this woman comes in
and she has an
alabastron full of naric myrr that is
unadulterated and very very
valuable so she takes the myrr and rubs
it on the
alabastron and then pours that myrr upon
the head of
Jesus I knew this was a good place to
come to can you imagine you go to dinner
with your wife right and some Priestess
Aphrodite comes out right and starts
oiling oiling your
dude right what is an alabastron this is
where we need the alabastron what is an
alabastron this is Mary by the way in
case we haven't figured out who this is
is it's Mary right she's who is she
she's the one who walks around with the
drugs right the pope pardoned her later
what is this
alabastron right it's a globular face
without handles it's a good thing it
doesn't have handles for holding
perfumes right we're not talking
Christian Dior what no is that is that a
perfume I shouldn't say that um yeah um
we're not talking yeah I don't know
perfumes who gives a [ __ ] Christian
[ __ ] Dior oh my god did you see what
it brought out me I love it I love it a
globular face without handles what did
they do with this alabastron they
covered it they covered it with a motion
that would heat that would heat the
drug right and why why do you need to
heat the drug because as the doctors
will tell you the drug is only activated
by that
heat and what are you going to do with
the drug you're going to insert it in
that person you're going to insert it
into a
cavity depending on the situation and
the thing that you want to bring out if
you want to bring out your uterus so
that leaves off the men if you want to
bring out your uterus you use the
passageway to your uterus mint
specifically to charge the
Dion of your you uterus if you didn't
know your uterus had a
diamon right I know I don't know I don't
know chewy uterus have diones right
diamons where the sun that's true that's
you know they're The Dark Through the
the dark arts right why do you think
Jesus is out there at 4:00 a.m. right
this is pre-s
sunset right he's right okay let's just
see what happens let's continue the
narrative let's continue the narrative
but
and uh I want oh I wanted you to notice
that this is people always ask me where
are the drug references in the Bible um
some smart Theologian a while ago said
uh I don't see any drug references in
the Bible as far as I know there's
nothing there he was trying to refute me
on some podcast I don't even remember
right um it wasn't Danny Jones but it
was something else I was watching anyway
um hey for you knucklehead don't say
there aren't any drug references look
there four here
right right um what are they the drug
administering device number one right
myrr number two nard number three and
now we've got we'll give these each a
half Point py case and
polus one of those is a heavily
pharmaceutical term it means un
adulterated unadulterated right because
drugs were adulterated Antiquity so she
had the pure stuff man she had that
Bolivian stuff from Chicago you know
what I mean she had that Purity in there
right higher level before all the
dealers get it and then they cut it back
with baby powder or whatever else
they're doing this is pisy kiss this is
the uncut stuff so do you understand why
it is when people tell me um um well I
don't see any references drugs in the
Bible well there you go there you go
there's just one line with four or five
of them
fantastic fantastic I love it Jesus was
a witch question
mark
Jesus was a
witch trustfund baby
yeah I hate to I hate to you know bust
your belief and the fairy tale but yeah
he was supported financially by the Magi
okay and what did they call his people
in the black Bible That's the Bible the
apocryphal works the Christians couldn't
let stay in because they were so nasty
what did he what did he say in there oh
it calls all of his students all of his
Apostles they're all wizards dude it
uses the word for him
right did you know it was just a yeah
it's just a thing man witches that's
what we need that's what we need isn't
that amazing Mead Mead witches if they
were here oh God give me the next one
here we go right that's we had that one
so she she comes in and she does the
medical thing with the alabas on Jesus
right and there's another author who
portrays that for all the sexiness it is
he talks about how sexy your hair is
right right um because it's a big deal
where does Jesus's ejaculate end up
right where do you think okay this is
part of the process people did you think
this is right did you think he's going
to go amateur no man they're using drugs
that can kill you all right this is
serious stuff right why why does Jesus
say that she did this thing to him she M
she oiled him up with the drug why did
she do that it was for the sake of his
anaf osmon that anaf osmon is the period
of death in which the initiate is
under they are raised after it that is
their
Resurrection this is their inment
burial right their burial
fantastic right what state of mind are
they in the state of mind that he was in
on the cross and that's why he's yelling
sabak Thor sabak Thon that is what a
bachant who serves
Millen
screams do you understand sabakon
sa sa sa those people you can't get in
their way when you hear that coming from
a bunch of people coming into the woods
and they're coming down the hill you
should run you should run because you're
on the menu right they
hate hate tyrants do you think any of
those women die
from abortions that could have been
saved their lives because the fetus is
dead and
rotting oh my God you
barbarians do you see what happens when
you kick Aphrodite out of the mystery do
you see what
happens you get Judaism Christianity and
Islam that's what you get historically
you can just say that
historically kicking out
Aphrodite right no wonder every woman
who's one of those in one of those
monest religion those of you who aren't
yeah great y good for you right be free
run right but for those of you who
aren't who are in those religions
especially the women wouldn't it be
great wouldn't it be great if being a
woman was actually a good
thing what if it was a positive what if
the imperfection is that broken
chromosome that turned into a why
fantastic then you're in a cage and
you're there because you want to be and
I know do you know how many women are
out there people right to me write to me
if you're one of these women write to me
and say you're right right do it when
you're do it when your stupid husband
isn't
watching right but do it at least
acknowledge who you are right that
feeling that oppression that oppression
you're not going to do what you need to
do you're gonna die before you need to
to before you take care of
yourself oh my God oh my God Bing women
that's what we need who's here because
they hate a DI maybe a few that's nice
throw that up let people talk about that
okay let's stay with Jesus for those of
you right for people who've been here a
long time you're like we know this story
you're sitting back eating popcorn right
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter I
may I'm going to throw you something a
little bit knew but um you know hang in
there with me and what happened oh God
this thing she did you know she's doing
it for my
osone technical that burial
Mido what are we doing with that
ointment right what are we doing with it
what where are the drugs they're being
born right
smos gay what is that it's Earth that
brings you the
drug right do you understand the
Metallica do you understand the
Metallica those are the Earth mothers
cures do you realize that even the
serpents that we use whose Venom causes
us to be all we can be do you realize
those snakes come from Mother Earth they
crawl right back right back into her
come out and crawl right back in right
it's almost like a love affair they got
some kind of stink going right some kind
of funk some kind of musky thing some
kind of musky Earth thing you know where
the
roots are to the Tree of Life they're in
that soil where that serpent has its den
and
that Venom
that Venom is what gives us the
fruit now I didn't just make that up
that's straight out of a priest's mouth
baby from
Antiquity you've got to put it together
you've got to find it like bachio told
you you've got to see her because she is
the Fulfillment she is that mystery of
life
oh God give it to me okay people
get
okay yeah smrna here more drugs more
drugs I had more drugs but let's go back
to the text M right look at these slowly
maybe pause or something okay keep going
keep going look at this text people
here's Mark 14:10 and Judas went off to
betray right hang on let me I'm going to
fly through these Judas went off to
betray him right okay fine so just to
know so you know where we are in the
story right right oh God so as night
fell he got together with the 12 right
he got together with the 12 and they
they're all sitting down to in uh to
partake in the banquet the festival and
Jesus immediately begins a mystery
prayer it is an
imprecation a man it begins amen you
recognize that in English as
amen right and he says
look I say to you that one person from
you will betray me he goes into this he
goes into this religious performance in
which his oracular voice comes out you
know why because he's a prophet he's a
prophet and this is what prophets do now
are you ready to watch him get high are
you ready to watch him get high not only
get himself high but he's going to get
all those kids high too right the
teenagers there's a young one there that
sits on his lap right and by the way by
the way those of you who wrote to me
about the guy in Pompei with the kid on
his lap people are concerned now because
they did the
DNA right somehow got DNA from these
castings that they had I thought it' all
be M but whatever denat Jesus but um
they got some apparently and apparently
the people are different DNA and people
are concerned about why this dude has a
strange kid on his lap and there's
another person next to him kind of looks
like restraining a kid or doing
something some kind of awful scene look
people I'm sure they were I'm sure it
was neighbors you know there's no reason
before you jump to conclusions you got
to have hardcore evidence right that
hardcore evidence is a photograph of
Jesus Christ in the
position of the LA days I want you to
see it now I'm gonna show it to you now
okay everybody I'm giving it to you now
I'm serious and then we're gonna be done
give it to me watch this and so he's
laying there with him he's eating and
drinking he say says this and then what
happens
takes a
cup and he eucariz
it and then gives it to them and they
drink it all of
them okay what does it mean to ukar
something oh let's just say he's
blessing that's what it is he's blessing
the cup he's blessing the cup and kids
when you drink it by the way what
happens to all the kids that drink
Jesus's uked cup do they then just go
off to their lives they leave church
bye-bye father and they go off to their
lives
no they go to a park at
midnight and fall
unconscious fall unconscious dude
Peter's passed out you can kick him
right you can kick him what are they
doing Jesus has such a hard time right
because he's entering into the
oysters and hear the kids the drugs are
already working now who's going to stand
what are they going to do man get up
revive him get up too much dope too much
dope kids you're the one who you rise
the cup right you thank Jesus is totally
irresponsible right to irresponsible
because he should have known dosage he
should have known what it would do when
the effects would kick in now he's going
for his high and he's got people passing
out he goes back to check on him three
times because he tells him stand here
and keep watch why why would he do that
what does Jesus need a guard for in a
public park with a naked kid what does
he need a guard for you know who St
Peter is the saint who's going to be
standing at your Gates of your great
heaven when you you know what he was he
was supposed to be keeping watch while
his master was in a public park with a
naked kid freaking out saying I'm gonna
get caught that's who St Peter was you
want to go to that
heaven how many eructations can I make
it's disgusting chewy it's disgusting
you know what St Peter can suck it he
can suck it dude I don't care if you're
at the gate you're a
freak right if you were in prison St
Peter get [ __ ] killed man oh I did it
again I did stop
it spanking need a spanking please oh
Lords of cursing please remove the demon
from my backside oh yes
yes
yes oh god what
happened are we
still are we still filming all right
give it to me next one
please I think I spilled
something this is my
blood now this is a weird verse I'm
going to take you into mark 14:24 this
is the gift for the satanic congregation
that has been here and it's been through
the garden this is something you haven't
seen yet I think it's nice and I think
it's adds a little bit of extra oomph to
it you know what I mean look at 14:24 K
Alo right so he says to them this is
Jesus talking he says this is my
Hima right this now when it says Tutto
that's a demonstrative you know what
that means that means to point right
you're pointing you have a demonstrative
you're pointing at
something
this is my
blood right now I translated that as
blood that's not what it says it says
Hima that can be blood that can be it
can also be one's vital fluids shall we
say so when Jesus Christ in the Lesser
letters of Mary when she when he says
Mary come with me and they go off into
the woods and he busts out with his
hoo-ha and he Pleasures himself and then
offers her his seed when he does that
it's all the Bible people please it's
the Bible YouTube It's the Bible thank
you when he offers her his
seed right this is my Hima why would it
be so
beneficial to get somebody a
accustomed to eating one of your body
products why why would that in a world
where the body is the producer of The
Drug In These
Mysteries um the whole thing turns
around getting these substances from
other people even if they are nanco boy
even if they're young boys that's why
you have
students and that's why you raise your
hands when you get arrested and you say
I am not a child
trafficker I am not a child trafficker
you understand it's those
fluids right that kid that is with him
well let's go see right let's go see
here's Jesus getting arrested oh you did
it you did
it and you know what he went he
exercised his right to remain silent he
wouldn't answer him either right because
he was smart he's been saying all night
give me the next he's been saying all
night I'm gonna get you uh everybody
here is gonna get scandalized right and
that sounds so weak in English okay
everybody here is gonna get popped right
he's a criminal and he's telling you
everybody here is going to get nailed
tonight imagine him sitting with his
gang these are the Galilee boys what do
the galile Galilee boys do they fish for
men baby they fish for
men and we use
drugs where do you think the judges go
right they go out on the
boats right put on your clothes Peter do
you realize that Peter's always naked on
a boat for some reason what what what
are you doing
right It's A Hard Day's Work give me the
next
one did you just call Peter a prostitute
I I didn't The Prostitute the underage
prostitute that found Peter outside of
the courtyard and said hey uh you're one
of the Galilee boys and he's like no I'm
not right and then he cursed them right
and then another prostitute came out
yeah that's a one of the boys of Galilee
you know why I'm telling you judges get
the urge too
right do you have to be so gross about
it yeah you do and I say to you right
and this Construction in Greek is weird
and Mark um it's not weird it's just a
little bit of a hop skip and a jump um
it's like a negative May the future not
bring it about right right that I
partake of the
vine until this day when I
drink in common in the kingdom of
God right what what are they say in this
kind of stuff for this is what you say
when you are about to partake of a
wine that has been
energized when you are about to part
partake of a communion somebody has
eucariz something some Christ has
eucariz a cup yeah and that cup could be
your
buttocks do you understand do you
understand you can drink right out of
gamed it just depends on what you put
inside right this is people don't you
know you wanted to see it here it is
here it is and Jesus is going through
the motions what you just saw is a
motion within a right it is lurgical in
nature okay nothing difference here but
no difference here between this Bible
and the PGM the Greek magical papy so
what do they do what do they do man
right they leave singing the hymns and
they go to the oros
now that is technically a mountain we
translate that as a mountain but not a
mountain like you think it's a much
smaller but this is the place that they
call Gethsemane this is the place and
Jesus warns all of the boys of Galilee
there's 12 of them and many many people
for many centuries have taken that
number 12 and said oh is the
significance of this and not realizing
that historically it's the number of
prostitutes that you use within the
right these are your assistant and the
first right had 12
Mai had 12
Apostles they were the 12 apostles of
the medwa
media do you understand
out of
respect for
your
magical funding Jesus Christ out of
respect for those Magi please
acknowledge the performance of The Magic
right and he does and he gets 12
boys 12 boys why oh God well he's
telling them at this point hey
everybody's going to get
busted right tonight he's like we're all
going down tonight all of all of us now
if Jesus Christ the son of God is this
just such a great guy that you love and
he's so safe to be around give him a big
hug you don't feel anything funny
there's no funny thing why is he worried
Grandpa come here why is he
worried about getting popped by the
special Squad that the Romans are using
to nail
traffickers Jesus wasn't just taken down
by the sheriff Jesus was taken down by a
squad that was there to bust traffickers
these are Specialists dude these are
Specialists and because of that a crowd
forms anyway anyway let's keep going
we're almost there to the naked kid and
everybody can see it we just we just let
everybody know what's going on right
right um
he had made plans Jesus had made
plans after he when he went to the
Garden he was entering the right and
he's taking the drugs as I'll show you
he's christing and when he's there he
tells his people he says look I am after
I go through the resurrection he know
knows he's going to enter into death and
then they will bring him out and you say
wait a minute these boys these teenage
boys are going to bring them out why is
it that in every tomb that you go in
there's a some kind of boy there
administering some kind of right that
causes people to get
resurrected okay look just look at them
how many times it occurs Jesus right he
says after they resurrect me I'm going
to Galilee the plan is to hook back up
in
Galilee right now the crucifixion
interrupts the whole
process right the crucifixion messes
everything up right in the middle oh God
give me the next one and what happens he
says
oh his rightand man I just want you to
see Peter Peter says hey um I don't care
what happens I'm not gonna I'm not going
to turn right I'm not going to turn I
just want you to I don't know it was
kind of a moment of loyalty between a
between a guy who was arested in a
public park with a naked kid and one of
the kids that he was working with who
eventually killed a couple of people for
their Estates and gets into all sorts of
trouble with the authorities and ends up
getting crucified himself right it's
kind of a sad story but I wanted you to
see the attempt at loyalty so going into
this ceremony they know they know that
they're going to get popped and there's
a lot of pressure you got to give them a
little bit a little bit right it's just
they figured it out too late right so he
come they come to this place called
Gethsemane and he says to his students
there right sit here and wait right so I
can until I can finish going praying
right I'm going to go enter into my
prayer right because he's doing it he's
already got the drugs on board and he
takes Peter and James J and John right
and what happens look look at this
bottom line This bottom line will change
your perspective of Christianity 180
degrees it's going to turn it around
what happens to him he begins to be
ecomic and to ad mono do you see do you
see the verb ad mono there
Adon he begins to enter into that state
of confusion of mental conf Fusion he
begins to enter into that high into that
high this
Adon you just saw it linked to
oyas to the
Mania that is brought to you by the
gadfly which we all know is our
christing the gadfly Rio that's how they
referred to it okay so he's already into
it here and he's starting to suffer the
symptoms and um here I just wanted to
see it's not me making it up right he's
in
astonishment right he's he's in this
mental state of complete and total
amazement have you ever seen somebody
like that who's altered who's in an
altered mental state yeah fantastic and
he says I am in a [ __ ] ton of pain
and right my soul what does he say his
soul is in this place of pain that is
right up on the border of
death right up next to thos do you
remember who she is mlin look at the
scaffolding upon which this is built do
you know what the drug does it brings
you to her it brings you to death care
is there
care do you see oh God God right right
right okay and this is where he tells
him stay here because he's losing it he
says stay here and keep guard
Gregor there's no way that Jesus Christ
would have to do
anything that would require somebody to
make sure cops don't catch you
if he's the fairy tale that you have
made up for so many
years yes yeah here's the real Jesus
people right so he goes off a little way
and he falls on the
ground right and he prays that if it's
at all possible this point in the
mystery cease is it at all possible it
turns out it's not right and he's like
oh God let your will be done right so
they come all of a sudden they come to
arrest him he's been given up and he
doesn't have time to run away and I'll
show you I misid the order here but I'll
show you in a second where he's running
away no just leave it there this is
where Jesus is getting arrested and what
does Jesus do he says to the people that
are arresting him you've come out
against me with the heavy weapons like
I'm a l St and that ain't the fact right
that ain't the
[Music]
fact yeah
yeah what is the problem the problem is
the people who were supposed to watch
Jesus's back
didn't and this
says the last time he comes back and he
finds them they're sleeping and their
eyes are heavy can you see Jesus
reaching down to the kids opening up
their eyes letting them drop right do
you know what that is that is a state of
intoxication it's a state of
intoxication you have come to Jesus and
he is a pimp of Galilean boys in a
public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked
kid with a bandage on him and where's
that bandage let's just see let's just
see where that bandage is yeah oh this
is the third time he comes to him I'm
sorry this is the final time he's laying
down they're laying down he's like oh
God you worthless lazy Sachs right right
that's a paraphrase um right but then he
says to
him
G get up wake up wake up you can see
Jesus shaking wake up a Goldman let's
get out of here right he says
look I'm betrayed somebody's betrayed
me right and they try to leave but they
can't they get arrested it's too late
right why was it too late those groggy
kids if you hadn't drugged them P Diddy
then they wouldn't have been so groggy
and maybe they'd have kept watching
maybe you they'd have seen the guard
coming do you see how messed up this is
this isn't just Jesus the lastic child
trafficker this is Jesus the drugged out
um incompetent [ __ ] who gets himself
arrested nice job nice job we're gonna
be scandalized we're gonna yeah because
you're incompetent if you were the Son
of God you'd have pulled that [ __ ] off
and you wouldn't have to say let's go
let's go what's wrong Jesus no no uhuh
so you know what the church
does they will fill in theologically
right what is theology I just want to
tell everybody you can take it down I
just want to tell everybody tonight and
I know I'm going long but what is
theology theology is the putty that you
can use to fill in the
holes right that Wall's got holes in it
we don't care if it's structurally you
know if it's structurally okay we're
just going to putty it up that's what
theology does right don't look at the
holes in the text
right we're going to fill those in with
ideas and the idea was let me explain it
to you are you ready I'm going to
explain to you when Jesus was in the
garden he was taking the sins of the
world upon
himself oh that makes perfect
sense right do you do you understand why
this was laughed at by rational Greeks
and Romans who believed in a world of
Gods like justice and love
of do you see why that doesn't hold any
weight do you see why the earliest
Christians are groups of the most
impoverished desperate people do you see
right it's not because of some inherent
goodness and poverty there is none
right well except I would say you know I
have to I have
to I don't know chewy I think poverty is
can be a good thing can be like a lesson
teacher you know what I mean I've I've
had a lot of good from poverty yeah yeah
that's right okay um let's go back to
the text right who who nobody wants
anybody's ideas any so um they put his
hand on him they put his hands on him
and arrested him right and um Jesus
answered and said to them right I'm not
a la right I'm not a la and
what happens at that point when he's
standing there telling the Roman
soldiers I'm not a trafficker all the
kids run
away all the kids run away imagine that
you just can't what would it if if you
were to watch this on cop cam or
something you watch the cops bust into a
building and there's one grownup there
with a bunch of teenagers and they're
all passed out and look like they've
been doped and one of them be naked
the one standing next to the dude is
naked dude eight-year-olds right he's
standing there
[Music]
naked what happens you you know what's
gonna happen every all those kids are
going to run they're G to run why
they're not going to be like oh wait a
minute that's the Son of God it's no no
I'm telling you dude he's a Son of God
watch I've walked him walk I've walked
him I've watched him walk on water dude
can walk on water he's healing PE dude
if this dude can heal people and stuff
like what is he doing with all of these
drugged
kids right you see how he got put on the
cross that's how he ends up getting put
on the cross dude died a justifiable
execution right and there's this young
kid here's the famous verse for
everybody who's been asking me
1451 we're going to do 51 and 52 and
there was this naan ghost this young guy
there and what did he do he was
following Jesus like he was assigned to
him and he had wrapped a seone around
his naked
parts yeah and They seized him they took
you know they tried to arrest him too
poor oiled kid right he's all slippery
and Jesus is doing what he's doing I
just want you to notice here I want to
take a minute this is the New
International Version and I just want to
take a minute and show you exactly how
stupid this is right people ask me what
about what is wait what is so bad about
translations right watch this okay I'm
going to translate this again for you
one more time there was some kid right
in the emphasis in the Greek tis it's
some unknown kid there was some unknown
kid following him there and he had
wrapped a sceneone on his naked
bits and they took control of him they
arrested him now look at the translation
a young man right not just some guy
right just young guy there wearing
nothing but a linen garment there's
nothing in there that talks about a
linen garment nothing talks about
wearing he wrapped his Dilly
who he wrapped his Dilly and how do we
know that this is such a bad translation
because there is no phrase in here
epu right there's no phrase here for
covering his hoo-ha there's no phrase
where is it wearing nothing no that's
not it where's the HooHa I don't see any
HOA goom HooHa HooHa right in your face
you know what you need Christianity you
need a little hooa right in your face
here it is here it is oh I love this I
love this because the Christians get to
see the reality yes we're almost done
coming to the climax people are you
ready oh God
please one element of this
all well I didn't get by the way I
didn't get 52 in there 52 says he ran
off naked right and the bandage fell off
right he ran off naked the kid right um
so we'll never know or maybe we will
someday maybe the poor naked kid that
was with Jesus when he was arrested
maybe when St Peter is there you know
and all the gang maybe it'll all get
squared away right and I'll be like hey
right pass me pass me the explanation
look what happens there's a lot of
people who came out to witness against
Jesus now I just want you to think about
this for a minute a mob forms within a
very short period of time from his rest
a
mob and the mob which you can imagine
probably has lot of it you know the
parents of these kids I'm sure that they
were there there's members of the
community there right it says right
there's a lot of people they're bringing
up what the writer calls false
statements false statements their
Witnesses making false statements well
whether or not they're false is for the
court to determine not you and the court
ended up crucifying him but we know that
there were people there remember the
crowd this is Mel Gibson's crowd and you
know what's funny is Mel Gibson's crowd
is an
possibility right you know what it is
it's an execution and it's a crowd of
people around him saying no no no don't
save the murderer you know save the
murderer and let this guy go get
executed there's apparently a lot of
people with beefs with Jesus who are
getting up at 5:00 a.m. to go out and
find out did they finally catch this
freak right how does that happen how do
you just from a public park how does
Jesus assemble such a crowd of haters
around him and the answer theologically
is is because we're so sinful this is a
crowd of sinful people this
anomaly can be explained away very very
very
easily but the fact is Jesus Christ was
crucified between two child
traffickers screaming I am not a child
trafficker and in the depth of his high
because remember we left him in his high
now all the time he shuts up he doesn't
want to say anything to the authorities
he clams up and the only thing that he
really gets into he gets into a little
bit with pilot but the only thing where
he really starts expressing himself is
when he's on the cross because what do
they do they beat the crap out of him
before he gets to the Cross now is this
typical is this typical did you just
beat people up before no no this is not
you know you can't just get up in the
morning go down and beat people look
look look they've got this guy in try
I'm just GNA beat him up he's in the
custody of the soldiers now in this case
the mob beats him while the soldiers are
standing there and they play a game they
put a little Hood over his head and they
say guess which one of us hit you and
then they punch him in the face right
would you like to punch Jesus in the
face have you ever thought about that
punch Jesus in the face what would it
take to want to punch Jesus in the face
and a whole crowd of
people there's got to be something they
tell him prophesy why because he's the
Christ and they keep bringing it out are
you a Christ are you a Christ are you
Christ they know what the christs do and
those poor kids that they do it too The
Joke is on
You it gets my
goat that you never quite
see but here you
are looking at
Penelope hello Penelope it's good to see
you thank you for coming tonight
Penelope and thank you to everybody else
I just want to say we know that what's
behind that cross is worthy of our
introspection it is within
us it's not something out there it's not
a sin that needs to be
covered yeah it's within us it's in our
own genes it's in our bodies and minds
and
souls right what is beyond that cross
must not be covered
up the sin must be
exposed we are beginning a new era it is
an era of darkness that will make our
light shine all the more
brightly I thank you satanic
congregation for this opportunity to
speak to you to take your time to to
occupy your
thoughts I thank
you and it's with the utmost
humility that I say hail Satan mystery
goddess magic Lea dress on
Amazonia from vria with love Venus
illumination hail of Satan perfume
intoxication The Cauldron boiling up Tri
the butter hot purple sticky Bud Black
Water mystery I dream a genie living in
the Palace of the king M do a call me
sing The Muse more magic than aladine my
syllables are Greek original sourcers
Hood bang and run the streets gangs to
Jesus and the disciples caught in the
night imposters of the mystery child in
the fearers that sell blood and garbage
design of drugs will be crucified flesh
eer just to dust the bones are
pulverized mystery got magic Lea
dress mystery got magic leather dress
have
[Music]